# GUT for Multi-Robot Cooperative Pursuit Strategy

## Abstract
Underlying relationships among multiagent systems (MAS) in hazardous scenarios can be represented as game-theoretic models. In adversarial environments, the adversaries can be intentional or unintentional based on their needs and motivations. Agents will adopt suitable decision-making strategies to maximize their current needs and minimize their expected costs. This paper proposes and extends the new hierarchical network-based model, termed Game-theoretic Utility Tree (GUT), to arrive at a cooperative pursuit strategy to catch an evader in the Pursuit-Evasion game domain. We verify and demonstrate the performance of the proposed method using the Robotarium platform compared to the conventional constant bearing (CB) and pure pursuit (PP) strategies. The experiments demonstrated the effectiveness of the GUT, and the performances validated that the GUT could effectively organize cooperation strategies, helping the group with fewer advantages achieve higher performance.

## Robotarium-Code

Underlying relationships among multiagent systems (MAS) in hazardous scenarios can be represented as Game-theoretic models. This project proposes a new hierarchical network-based model called Game-theoretic Utility Tree (GUT), which decomposes high-level strategies into executable low-level actions for cooperative MAS decisions. It combines with a new payoff measure based on agent needs for real-time strategy games. We present an Explore game domain, where we measure the performance of MAS achieving tasks from the perspective of balancing the success probability and system costs. We evaluate the GUT approach against state-of-the-art methods that greedily rely on rewards of the composite actions. Conclusive results on extensive numerical simulations indicate that GUT can organize more complex relationships among MAS cooperation, helping the group achieve challenging tasks with lower costs and higher winning rates. We also demonstrated the applicability of the GUT using the Robotarium platform, which is a simulator-hardware testbed for verifying multi-robot system algorithms. 

Furthermore, we extends the GUT to arrive at a cooperative pursuit strategy to catch the evaders in the Pursuit-Evasion game domain. We verify and demonstrate the performance of the method using the Robotarium platform compared to the conventional constant bearing (CB) and pure pursuit (PP) strategies. The performances verified the effectiveness of the GUT in the real robot application and validated that the GUT could effectively organize MAS cooperation strategies, helping the group with fewer advantages achieve higher performance.

 Robotarium: https://www.robotarium.gatech.edu/
 
 Relative paper: [Game-theoretic Utility Tree for Multi-Robot Cooperative Pursuit Strategy](https://github.com/RickYang2016/Gut-Pursuit-Domain-Robotarium-ISR2022/blob/main/Gut-Pursuit-Domain-Robotarium-ISR2022Paper.pdf)
